DOCSP-33172 added meta description for top 250 pages in docs-mongodb-shell (#307)
mongodb/docs-mongodb-shell: source/run-commands.txt

   :values: reference

.. meta:: 

>    :description: Use run commands in mongosh to  format input or output, create or switch databases, terminate a query, and clear the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Use run commands in the MongoDB Shell to create or switch databases, terminate a query, or clear the console.
```
